Project 1: Wedding venue recommender based on individual's Pinterest wedding boards. 

Approach: Since trying to classify images would be out of scope, I would have to defer to tags that come with the pins. To make this more feasible, I would consider pre-identifying 5 distinct themes (beach, modern, classic, rustic, etc). I would also scrape Wedding Spot (using as a database of existing venues in the Bay Area) - probably only focused on local spots (San Francisco, Monterey, Napa, etc). At the very least, this should distill a text summary helping them identify underlying patterns of pins as guidance for wedding planning. 

Presentation: Slides, visuals, ideally a demo. 

Next steps: Brainstorm ways to evaluate the effectiveness of the recommender (look into crowdflower), and evaluate how much information can be extracted through tags. Explore other information available such as "likes", original source, number of repins, etc. 

Datasets: Pinterest, Wedding Spot, The Knot



Project 2: Compare "hot new businesses" of a few US cities (SF, NYC, LA, Austin, a few more) and predict what concepts are most likely to develop into major food trends. Potentially answer: When does something become a food trend? What are the signs?  

Approach: Beak out hot new businesses to include only restaurants for the different cities. Maybe look at past food trends (cronuts, matcha, quinoa, etc) to see where they originated, how many restaurants started to offer it, reviews for those dishes, etc. What is the data footprint of an emerging food trend? 

Presentation: Slides, visuals 

Next steps: Determine what cities to include for the analysis. Explore yelp's data set for previous food trends. Look for other sources like the NYTimes, or other publication. 

Datasets: Yelp, NYTimes, Local publications


Project 3: Online course recommender based on Top Skill endorsements on LinkedIn for a certain profession. 

Approach: Assuming desired job title is "data scientist", I'd scrape LinkedIn profiles with that title and determine what skills are most common and ranked highest. This can help those trying to build towards a career determine what skills they should focus on most. It would also take into account listed courses on profile pages. 

Presentation: Slides, visuals 

Next Steps: Explore LinkedIn API, potentially look at Udacity, EdX

Datasets: Coursera, LinkedIn (potentially also Udacity, EdX) 




